good afternoon oneonta i'm here with
Bill allson and he's going to be letting
us know about this this weekend's
weather so what do you think is going to
happen this weekend is going to be
pretty chilly but for that tonight and
tomorrow is going to be pretty miserable
out there what are you going to say for
st. Patrick's Day it's a very important
day in oneonta st. Patrick's Day a lot
of people are going to have to dress up
warm but knowing with the alcohol
flowing they're going to really not care
what the weather's going to be like but
it will be kind of snowing on that day
for tonight and tomorrow it's going to
be pretty rainy out and we do have a
flash flood watch from tonight going
into Friday as rain will be coming
through and melting all that snow that's
writing on the ground and filling up the
strange with a lot of water so let's go
check out what the weather looks like
outside right now currently we have
cloudy skies with a little bit of rain
coming down and it's giving us a little
bit witness or later today is going to
get pretty heavy it's going to be
thunderstorms possibly at night current
conditions right now is 65 degrees the
pressure is at 10-12 millibars and
dropping winds are coming late out of
the Southwest at three miles per hour
and right now 00 inches of rain but that
will be changing soon for tomorrow's
almanac have a long political
difficulties there we go a today's
Almanac usually it's about a high of 41
loads of 23 we had a regular 77 back in
nineteen ninety and a bitter cold four
degrees back in 93 precipitation is
usually about point eight six inches
actually levis a high sorry about that
and snow we had eight inches of snow
back in 61 yesterday's highs there is a
53 low of 28 this morning sunrise was at
714 this morning and today today's
sunset will be at 705 p.m. this is what
it looks like right now on the map we
have the stationary front right here and
all this rain moving into our area this
cold front coming down from Canada all
the way into the mid ohio valley will be
coming through tonight and giving us a
lot of rain and cold temperatures down
in Florida there is clouds some isolated
thunderstorms then in Louisiana area and
Texas there are some scattered
thunderstorms and showers there's going
to be a low-pressure system forming over
there later tonight we have highs in
in New Mexico and Arizona very clear
skies we have this stationary front
going pretty up north over Idaho and
into California giving a lot of clouds
and a little bit precipitation this is
what the radar looks like no the
satellite looks like right now we have a
lot of cloud coverage over the eastern
half in the United States while with
that high pressure system down the
southwest we have clear skies and you
can actually see a little bit of snow on
the mountains over there in the Rockies
going to our next screen for tomorrow's
weather we will have that cold front
moving through so this is all the rain
that was going to be hitting us tonight
that will be moving out and this is the
other front that will be coming through
over the weekend giving us cold weather
for st. Patrick's Day we have that low
farming over here in Louisiana giving
scattered showers we have this
continuous low going all the way through
the middle of the country and it swings
around pretty much goes all the way
through like the whole map but it
doesn't have any rain over here pretty
much because we have a high right here
it's going to be pretty clear and not
not fun weather for us meteorologist but
you know if you're going to go onto the
beach or anything which a lot of people
want to do in California when supposed
to be 70 and sunny all the time you're
going to get your 70 and sunny for
tomorrow's high temperatures we have
baking heat down in the Arizona area
about 95 degrees and in the Phoenix area
Coachella California we have really warm
temperatures in the southwest of Texas
in the mid northern area we're going to
have a cold air coming in still about 20
degrees twenty-five degrees for Florida
they're going to be moderate in the 70s
and then it's going to be 60 s up until
us where we get into about the 50s and
40s tomorrow's highs for state of New
York we have 37 Buffalo 42 in Syracuse
Binghamton oneonta Albany around 45 to
47 it's going to be very warm 63 down in
the big apple and upstate and water 10 *
nakid about 36 and 37 for tonight we
will have temperatures and 40 degrees
we're going to have rain periods of rain
is going to start kicking in around
eight o'clock there's going to be
thunderstorms likely and like I said
before it is going to be flash flood
watches so watch out for those low-lying
areas and
roads and if there is any water over the
roads take it very slowly you're not
supposed to go through there when's we
coming out of the West at five to 15
miles an hour tomorrow it'll be 47 for
the high cloudy skies it's going to be a
showers in the morning but they'll be
lightening up and we still had to had
that flash flood warning watch as all
the rain and snow is melting and going
to the streams wind's coming out from
the West fi the ten miles an hour
tomorrow night it will be a chilly 28
degrees it's going to be chance of snow
showers a flash flood watch still in
effect you had to watch out for I skirts
it's going to be getting below 32
degrees so when you're driving at night
watch out for that black guys be very
careful driving wins again five to 10
miles that uh miles an hour out of the
West for your five-day outlook for 87 on
Thursday for Friday 37 with a chance of
rain Saturday and Sunday we'll have a
chance of snow showers they shouldn't be
that heavy and Monday makes the tip
precipitation between rain and snow
about 40 so it'll be kind of slushy
going through the weekend so what do you
think this is spring is getting there
it's slowly getting I'm sure everyone's
looking forward to spring I know I am we
have one maybe two more kicks of cold
weather and then we should get into
decent weather so something to look
forward to yep picnic time well thank
you I'm Dana rig Leone I'm bill Olson
and thank you for tuning in